You're awake.
Ugh.
Totally normal.
Where's the costume party?
Just precautionary measures
until you're discharged.
Oh, I don't know. I think I
might borrow this for Halloween.
What do you think?
Congratulations on your
first successful mission, Sam.
- Thank you.
- Happy to be back?
No.
No, I could have
stayed up there forever.
Though, when I feel better,
I would love a cheeseburger.
Think we can arrange that.
Sam, can you describe
to me how you're feeling?
Um...
heavy, dizzy.
I saw that pen float.
Anti-gravity hallucination.
All to be expected.
What's going on here?
A scan showed deep
swelling, but no fracture.
You probably
slammed it on impact.
We lost communication
with you on re-entry, Sam.
What happened up there?
I got the splashdown
coordinates from Mission Control.
Everything seemed
to be on track.
And...
And then I hit something, maybe?
Do you know when
you lost consciousness?
I guess in freefall.
Is everything okay?
Something punctured your
capsule and shattered your helmet.
What do you think it was?
Could have been meteor debris.
We're testing the particles
we found on your space suit.
You're lucky you survived.
There she is!
Mommy!
Busy Izzy!
Hi!
I missed you so much!
I miss you more.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
They just, they're making me
stay in this funny chair for a while.
But look, I'm okay.
Daddy, you miss
Mommy too, right?
Look who's here.
- Grandpa!
- Hey, Pumpkin.
- Mark.
- Good to see you, Will.
You too.
- How you doing, kiddo?
- Okay.
You did not have to come here.
My daughter just returned
from her first mission in space.
I'm not supposed to come? No.
The team just filled me
in on what happened.
Sounds like a very close call.
We're all very glad
that you're okay.
Yeah, me too.
Actually, uh, the Pentagon's
gonna join NASA on this one.
Really?
We're working on decoding
electrical frequencies
that we picked up
during your re-entry.
So there's mutual interest.
There's been a media
frenzy about your landing.
The department has secured a
beautiful house nearby for your recovery.
Out of the spotlight.
You and Izzy won't have
to deal with any of that stuff.
Hey, will you come
visit Mommy, huh?
Yeah, yes, of course.
Come in.
Sorry to interrupt.
We need to run a few more tests before
you're cleared and prepped for a transpo.
But then you'll be all
done with quarantine.
Okay, time to go.
We'll see you soon.
Say bye to Mommy, sweetheart.
Hey, when I see you
next, I'm gonna give you
the biggest hug in
the whole world, okay?
Remember what we
talked about, okay?
Who do I love?
Me.
Can't hear you.
Who do I love?
- Me.
- Yeah.
See you soon.
I'll see you soon.
You want this
for a bit, Captain?
I'm okay.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah. Thank you.
Okay.
Welcome.
Ugh.
Body's re-acclimating
to gravity.
Careful pushing
yourself too hard.
Don't want you
passing out on us.
This really is something.
Your dad's very proud of you.
To an embarrassing degree.
Well, we'll give you the tour.
- Okay?
- Mm-hmm.
Ten acres of Virginia wilderness
only 30 minutes from D.C.
It's a bit nicer than my place.
Apparently the government bought
this land in the 50s for weapons testing.
General Harris tells us it's just
mostly housing for diplomats now.
- Next house is miles away.
- Hmm.
Sounds like a horror movie.
The house is two stories.
Up here we have the bathroom, library, fully
stocked kitchen, dining, and living room.
In the nook back there is where we'll do
some of your medical tests.
This is amazing.
Downstairs there's three bedrooms,
three bathrooms, a den, and a home gym.
Which is about to be your new best
friend because, as you know, atrophy is...
A bitch.
Yes, ma'am.
And should you miss space?
I used to have
one just like this.
Ah!
- What's wrong?
- Just a ringing.
Okay, tonight just stay super
calm and just wait it out. It'll pass.
- Feel better?
- Yeah.
Thank you.
I know you were briefed pre-flight,
but just as a reminder, expect everything
from nausea to dizziness,
fever, nosebleeds, hallucinations.
The human body takes time to
remember how to function on Earth.
Right.
The more you report back to us,
the better we'll be able to determine if
we need to consider
delaying future missions.
Delaying future missions?
If you exhibit any unusual
symptoms or severe side
effects, we can't just
send you back to training.
All right. Um...
So, sorry, I'm just... I'm supposed to
go out to the ISS in, um, two months.
Honestly. I wouldn't worry about it.
Obviously, I'd rather have you monitored at
base, but I don't want to step on any toes.
We'll be here every morning at 7.30 on
the dot, so make sure you're up and ready.
You get plenty of rest.
Copy that.
These next few days will
be over before you know it.
If you need
anything, just call us.
See you tomorrow.
Holy shit you're alive!
Val!
I've never held my
breath for so long.
Don't ever do that to me again.
Please!
I know.
They're still trying to figure
out what happened to me.
That's all everybody's
talking about.
I'm sure.
But hey, look.
Look where I'm saying.
Oh!
You're in like a nice,
swanky, chic oasis.
And I didn't get an invite.
Sam?
Hello?
Earth to Sam!
Sam, what is it?
Sam?
Sorry. Um...
I just thought
I... I thought I saw something.
Sorry.
So you're dying to
get back up there?
First time in space
is such a tease.
I've never felt more at home
than I did when I was up there.
You're more obsessed with
space than anybody I know.
And that's saying a lot.
I am starting to feel
symptoms, though.
I had a nosebleed.
Girl, remember in training
they tell you to report everything?
I'm telling you don't.
Even if you feel horrible,
keep it to your damn
self because they will
never let you fly again.
I know. I'm not gonna
tell them any of this.
I already know that.
I mean, I may as well be
Wonder Woman at this point.
They get a whiff that your immune
system isn't working and you're sick or
something, they'll demote you to
clean and puke off the motion simulator.
I literally can't think
of anything worse.
Listen, you want to go back to space,
you have to downplay everything.
Your symptoms will
take a while to go away,
but next time around
this will all feel normal.
It's just because
it's your first time.
Alright, you rest up.
I'm gonna come
visit you at your oasis.
I love you.
I love you, I love
you, I love you.
Bye.
Hello?
Oh...
Just in the kitchen!
Good morning.
The medical team's
here if you're ready.
I'll be right there.
(toaster dings)
Ahh!
You alright?
Uh, yeah.
I think it's just a cramp.
It's passing.
The electrolytes will
make you feel good as new.
I think I'm past electrolytes.
Day one's intense.
What are the rest
of the days like?
The more we can monitor
your progress,
the more data we can collect to
better the space program.
Well, I'm happy
to be of service.
How's the tinnitus?
It hasn't happened again.
Awesome.
Any more hallucinations?
Um-mm.
You'll be back in
flying shape in no time.
Just relax the rest of the day.
We'll be back same
time again tomorrow.
OK.
Make sure to stretch.
Ugh!
Oh.
Hey.
Hey, can you see me?
Yeah, I can see you.
Can you see me?
Yeah.
Hey, um...
I was thinking...
When I get out of here, why
don't we go on a family trip, huh?
Just the three of us.
On the beach somewhere.
I don't know if that's
a good idea, Sam.
Why not?
I just don't think it's
healthy for Izzy to see
us together if that's
not how it's gonna be.
Come on.
We're still figuring things
out, but we're a family.
Sam, we almost lost you.
We almost lost you.
I want Izzy to have the family.
I didn't.
It's just been hard.
I know it was scary
for you guys, but I'm...
I'm okay.
We're proud of you.
We know that you're...
one of a handful of
people that do what you do.
We get it. But you've been
M.I.A. for six months for training.
You're gonna be gone again
for God knows how long?
For the next mission?
That... come on.
That's not fair.
You know how important
this mission is to me.
And how important you are.
And... and Izzy.
I thought adopting was
gonna bring us closer.
When you couldn't.
When we couldn't.
It did.
It has.
Mommy!
I made this for you.
Wow, sweetie, is that us?
That's me, Daddy, and you.
What's that up there?
Space people.
Ah, shit. It's the
university. I gotta take this.
Come by and see
you tomorrow, yeah?
Say bye to Mommy, baby.
Bye, Mommy.
See you soon.
Bye, baby.
I'll see you soon.
No.
Sorry. Didn't mean
to startle you, Captain.
How are you feeling?
Oh, what is going on?
We found you outside.
Your head was pretty banged up.
Who's we?
Dad.
Sam.
You gave us quite a scare
finding you out there like that.
Hey.
You're supposed to be
getting some rest, kiddo.
How'd you know where I was?
We stopped by
for a surprise visit.
You weren't at home,
so we did a sweep.
Hey, that'll be
all right tomorrow.
Let's get some fresh air.
You're part of
something really big here.
I'm very proud of you, Sam.
What did I see out there?
Security cameras, or were
they recording something?
I didn't expect you to wind
up that far from the house.
Didn't think it was necessary
to debrief NASA on the, uh...
on the full rundown
of the property here.
What do you mean?
What is this place?
The truth is...
it's a safe house.
That was very James Bond.
Follow me.
They probably told
you what we told them.
This house is for diplomats.
Which is not entirely wrong.
The kinds of people that
we normally host here...
are in need of...
temporary hiding.
Is his birthday?
Sometimes.
A place like this is more
secure than an embassy.
That's amazing.
Sleeping quarters there.
Mess hall here.
Down here is...
the central nervous
system of NASA.
Runs on its own
separate power source.
Wow.
And, uh...
just to put your mind at ease.
There are security cameras
outside all around the perimeter.
In an emergency, the house totally shuts
itself down, locking everything behind
three layers of Kevlar
and copper paneling.
A lot of these switches are tied to
defense systems all around the house,
and obviously you won't need any of this,
but I didn't want you to think that...
we were spying on you.
It's good to know.
Anyway, uh...
big secret revealed.
Why don't we go back upstairs
before they come looking for us?
Okay.
- General Harris?
- Yes.
- It's 1830, sir.
- Thank you.
I gotta get back to base.
- You all right if I go?
- Yeah. Thanks.
Probably best that
you just stay put.
Try and get some rest.
And please be sure that Dr. Aiden
checks out that bruise tomorrow.
Hi there, you can reach
Professor Mark Walker.
You know what to do.
Hey, it's me.
I, uh...
Can you just call me
back when you get this?
I'm feeling great.
I just wanted to talk.
So hopefully you're
not sleeping already.
Okay.
Bye.
Oh.
Breach detected.
Lockdown initiated.
You all right, Sam?
Yeah, I think, uh...
I think there's something
wrong with the generator.
Yeah, our system's showing
there's been some blackouts.
Might be a problem
with the grid.
We'll check it out.
Okay to begin testing, Captain?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, I'll just be a minute.
I'm gonna change.
Can I talk to you for a second?
What's wrong?
Uh...
Not enjoying Architectural
Digest, Pentagon Edition?
Hey, talk to me.
There was something
here last night.
I mean, maybe it was in
my mind or something, but...
the whole house went
into lockdown mode.
And I...
almost had a heart attack.
I ended up sleeping
in the bunker.
Jesus.
- I wish you had called me.
- I tried. There was no service.
You want to transfer
back to base?
I don't want them to
know I'm struggling.
I will scan all of the security footage
while you're doing your testing.
And then we'll find out
what the what is, okay?
I'm sorry. I think I'm
just really stressed out.
Hey.
You don't have to
apologize to me ever.
How's the bruising?
I don't know.
I haven't even thought about it.
You got this.
You alright?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
That doesn't look like
normal bruising, Sam.
That landing was no joke, huh?
Let's do another x-ray tomorrow.
- Hey.
- Mommy!
Hi, busy bee.
Oh, I missed you.
- How you doing?
- Okay.
Makes our place look
like a college dorm.
Grandpa!
Hey, pumpkin.
Oh! Look at you!
- Cool coat.
- Oh, you like that?
- I like your hat.
- Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey, what happened?
I lost two.
When?
A few days ago.
Did you give this
child some money?
You know, Isabelle, right
after I adopted your mother, one
of the first gifts I gave her
was a telescope just like that.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
What do you see, babe?
Let's go talk outside.
What's wrong?
What else?
Any stars?
I think I see the Milky Way.
Oh, there you go.
Tell me.
I...
I have this crazy bruising
spreading all over my body.
And, um...
I'm basically seeing
things that don't...
that aren't actually there.
I'm having these nightmares
that... Hey, hey, hey.
I don't feel good.
Take a breath.
I don't know how to describe it.
I don't feel like myself.
Have you reported this
to the medical team?
No.
I can't risk not being able
to go on a mission again.
This is your health
we're talking about, Sam.
Listen, I need to
tell you something.
I just... I... I...
You're scaring me.
I just need you to promise me
that you're gonna believe me.
Yeah.
Yeah, what is it?
I saw something... not...
from here.
What are you saying?
Something...
not from...
this world.
Okay.
I know it sounds nuts.
That's... I mean...
Why?
I... was broadcasting
signals deep into space.
For what?
For... for fun?
I don't know what they
were communicating.
They registered sound waves...
on the capsule's receiver
right before they lost me.
What if something followed me...
back?
Maybe I'm just exhausted.
I think that we, uh... Mommy!
I saw Pluto!
Oh.
I think I saw Pluto.
That's amazing.
I guess we're gonna have to get
you a telescope of your own, Duncan.
Please, Daddy?
Yeah. Yeah, sure is.
You mind if I borrow
Mommy for a minute?
I'll be right back.
There.
Right there.
What...
What happened?
It was right there.
I swear.
I know this process
has been tough on you.
And the family.
I know.
Maybe try to get some
sleep on the earlier side.
Lots of water.
Dad, I'm telling you what I saw.
It was right there.
And it looked like a...
Sam, listen.
Are you sure you want to
push through another night?
Yeah, I will.
All right.
I gotta get back to base.
Um, I think the
power here is good.
Don't forget to lock up.
Mm-hmm.
Sam, you need anything,
you call me, yeah?
Okay.
Love you.
Love you, Bear.
Analyzing.
There are nine
individuals detected.
Want to tell Maya your joke?
Yeah.
What kind of bee makes milk?
I don't know... A booby.
A booby?!
What?!
Did you really say that?
Did your daddy
tell you that joke?
No, she picked that
one up at school, huh?
Here, jump.
Don't scurry off too far, okay?
Iz!
Where'd she go?
She was just here.
She couldn't have gone far.
Isabel!
Izzy, come back here!
Izzy!
Isabel!
Iz!
Honey!
Oh, put that down.
You had us scared.
You can't do that, Iz.
Okay, adventure time is over.
Let's go home.
Yeah, let's head back. Come on.
Holy shit.
What is going on?
Should we just do one last
check around the property?
I think.
What do you think?
Probably environmental.
Could be a change
in weather patterns.
Weather?
We have room at Langley.
No, that's okay.
Okay.
Well...
I'll call you with updates
as soon as I have it.
Okay.
Actually, will you take her?
Yeah.
Uh, Director Marshall?
Yeah?
Are there any updates on the
particle sample from my capsule?
The lab is still in the
process of running tests.
But I'll let you know as
soon as I receive a report.
Thanks.
The hardest part is over.
You okay?
My whole body hurts.
How's she doing?
She's fine.
She's just exhausted.
You should take
her home to rest.
You should just
come home with us.
You know I can't.
It's just a few more days.
We can come back later tonight.
Yeah.
I'd like that.
Okay.
So I'll call you when
we're heading back.
Take something
for the pain, yeah?
Yeah, I will.
See you.
I'll see you soon.
I love you.
We're on our way.
I'm here.
I'm here, Sam.
Sam.
Mark.
Yeah?
Was I a good mother?
What?
Why are you asking me that?
Shh.
Breach detected.
Lockdown initiated.
Mark.
Something.
In the house.
Two individuals detected.
There are three
individuals detected.
I'm not sure.
I'll stay in the car.
Izzy?
Izzy, stop!
Izzy! Hey!
What did we say
about running off?
Look.
They're not supposed to be here.
Okay, people.
Let's move in.
Try to remember what we're
dealing with is highly intelligent.
Don't do anything stupid.
Please, I have a family.
I have a family.
I can.
Sam!
What's happening to mommy?
They're not gonna hurt you.
Need all of you to come with me right now.
What are you doing.
Put the gun down, Will!
I can't do that, Mark!
Look at her.
Look at her!
Sam isn't what you think she is.
Put too much time and effort into
getting them to come back here.
Tell them to leave their ship.
It's government property now.
You knew all this time?
I gave you a life.
A real chance at living.
What?
You've been lying to me.
Mendez, this is Harris.
Start your ascent.
Target is secure.
Copy you, General.
The mission...
You used me as bait.
I didn't have a choice.
I need you.
And I need them.
To follow me back down
to the house right now.
Right now.
What are you going to do?
Shoot me?
I'm not going to ask again.
Don't make me do this.
You've always been?
(radio chatter)
We have to go Sam.
We have to go now.
Go!
Go Go We'll be OK.
I'll see you soon.
Bye.